One of the most important things about
your virtual event is that people
actually show up for it. And if you
watched any of the other videos in this
master class series on challenge funnels
and 3-day virtual events, we've talked
at length about what to do to get people
to show up, but in more of a fragmented
way. So, what I've done for you in order
to organize the efficiency of your
learning so you can maximize your
dollars that come out the other side of
this funnel is where you put it all
together inside of one video for you on
how to maximize your show rate. Not just
for day one, but for day two and day
three as well. That way, you have the
highest probabilities to be pitching to
the most people possible throughout your
virtual event. Very exciting video for
you. If you're new to the channel, all
we talk about around here is cracking
million-dollar months. You're either
adding the first million or trying to
tack on that next million a month if
you're sitting here watching these
videos. So, welcome into the channel.
But of course, there's no income claims.
There's no earning potential. We have no
idea who the [__] you are and whether
you have any probability at all to make
a dollar with what we're sitting here
talking about. Let alone the amount of
revenue our clients, inner circle
members, and master internet marketing
students make. And nor are we even
implying that if you bought those offers
that you have any chance to make money.
We're simply entertaining and educating
you right now. and passing down some
game from the people that we've worked
with over the years who have done these
things at scale. Pleasure to have you
here, my friend. And of course, if you
are already a subscriber, welcome back.
Absolute banger for a video. Let's dive
in. So, you know, if you have been here
already that I'm a big fan of what I
call backend selling systems. So there's
a very important thing to consider when
you are going through your advertising
and your sales process and thinking
about it from the mind of a consumer. On
the front end, people are in what I like
to call scanner mode. Okay? And the
front end requires you to understand
this. Most people are looking from a
perspective of efficiency. All human
beings from an evolutionary psychology
perspective have it ingrained into us to
conserve our energy. We don't like to
expense energy on anything that's not
deemed worth expensing it on. Simply
put, we're used to having rations. We
didn't have unlimited calories. We
didn't have unlimited fuel available to
us. Now, in this day and age, we do, but
again, human mind hasn't adapted for
that. Genetically, DNA, our brains, we
don't want to do more than what we have
to do. So, when people are in the
looking at your ad, considering
converting on your landing page part of
the process, they're just trying to see
if it's right for them or not. They're
not necessarily sold even when they buy
or opt in to the actual challenge or
virtual event itself. They're just
willing enough to have essentially said,
"Yeah, I think that could be for me.
That kind of makes sense. Like, I'm
willing to give you a shot." But that's
why a 100% of people don't show up to
the actual virtual event day one itself
because they're not sold. And so then
you have to get into the logic of what
we call backend selling, which good news
for you is where a lot of high intent
consumption actually occurs. On the
backend side of things, they're no
longer in scanner mode. Now they're in
what we call the justification phase.
Okay? So justifications are how we all
get to the point where we make
decisions. And you've look, you're a
rich guy. I'm sure you can think of all
kinds of [__] Whether it's a watch or a
car or a house or, you know, [__]
hiring this person or that person or
buying XYZ. The first thing that you do
is you just try to bring it to awareness
that you're even willing to buy
something. And once you have that
initial hook in you, what you start to
then try to do is justify actually doing
it or not. Now, your goal is to
understand this concept. We call it the
interest spectrum. Okay? There's four
key levels of interest that you got to
understand. There's curious, there's
general interest, there's a high level
of interest, and then there's
conviction. Conviction is where deals
get done. Anything above conviction,
that is where the consumer has
willingness to actually buy from you.
Now, your goal is to try to assess.
You're probable to have people at all
three and maybe even all four of these
different levels as they buy your
challenge or virtual event or as they
opt into it. Now your ideal outcome
prior to day one of that challenge
starting is to raise their overall level
of interest to the highest possible
level. Now how do we do that? With
information. The right information leads
to action. The wrong information leads
to inaction or the lack of information
leads to inaction. A lot of businesses
and this is really important as an
integral belief and perspective you got
to have if you're going to get this to
work for you and have the highest show
rate possible. You got to deeply believe
that when you look at somebody who opts
in or buys to show up, that they're
unsold still, and that they need their
interest level raised, that they need
that key piece of information to hit
them. If you remain in the mindset that
they're already sold, well, dude, they
already opted in. Jeremy, what the [__]
you talking about? They already bought a
ticket. Like, of course, they're
probable to show up. It's like, well,
no, my friend. Again, that's why you
don't have 100% show rates. That's why
you're sitting here watching this cuz
you know you're full of [__] with that
kind of gaslighting belief. Makes no
sense as a foundational view to have.
And if you don't remove that view, none
of what I'm going to sit here and tell
you is going to make sense for you,
okay? Cuz you're just going to look at
it from that same perspective of like,
>> oh, people are probably to show up
anyway they already bought.
>> So anyway, back to my point. Okay, so we
have whole videos on this channel
dedicated to back-end selling systems.
each one independently and in addition
to that videos where I talk about them
collectively as a system. Now, let me
just be clear on what these are so you
guys understand. There's four of them
that we like to use. Okay? And these
four specifically each on their own has
had tremendous impact. One of them costs
money, three of them don't cost money.
The one that costs money is called the
hammer them strategy. So, the hammer
them campaign, just to reiterate it to
you, the summary version of it is you're
going to take short form and long form
content and a whole lot of it at that.
You're going to upload the list of
people who bought the ticket to show up
and you are going to hammer the [__] out
of them with content. Again, both short
form and long form. And you're not going
to pick random content. You're going to
try to pick content that fits what we
call these four quadrants. Questions,
second layer questions, objections, and
expectations. Your goal is to take
content just like this and put it in
front of people prior to them showing
up. Your goal is to buy us both on short
form and long form because people have
different consumption patterns. People
have different preferences. And yes,
long form typically creates higher
trust. And so we don't want to exclude
that. And short form has a higher
probability to reach people and make our
points faster. So we want to make sure
we have that too. We take 30 to 50
different pieces of short form content
and anywhere from 15 to 30 pieces of
long form content and we're going to put
it in front of people with what we call
a frequency goal. Now, we're going to
run these as engagement campaigns
optimized for throughplay video views.
And there's a very tactical way to set
it up properly. I won't bore you with
that right now. We save that for people
who actually give us money. I want you
to understand the concept right now.
This in and of itself, soon as somebody
buys, just getting hammered with a
fuckload of content, increases the
probability dramatically that they show
up because you stay in front of them the
entire time from the time they purchased
to the time of the actual event. And if
you're smart, by the way, you'll take
all of what I'm talking about for these
back-end selling systems and you'll
implement them not only between the
ticket purchase and day one, but you'll
do it between day one and day two, day
two and day three. Okay? But again,
we'll talk about that more here shortly.
For now, just understand all of what's
possible for you to do to help the show
rate improve with that hammer them
campaign. You're going to see a lot
higher show rate if you actually execute
it successfully. And again, imagine I
typically tell you as an example in this
very series, you want to have upwards of
a 60-day promotional cycle if you want
as many paid buyers as you possibly can
get and also giving yourself some wiggle
room to [__] up a little bit, fix
things, and maximize the overall amount
of people that buy. Okay, those
promotional cycles, those have the
highest probabilities to get high
thousands of people or maybe even low
tens of thousands of people to buy. The
shorter the promotional cycle typically,
unless you spend a fuckload of money in
that short cycle and everything goes
really well for you, you have to work in
that extra period of time. That way, you
have a higher quantity of people that
overall buy. So, again, keeping content
in front of them that entire window
makes it so they don't forget, right? It
reminds them. Okay? And this gets into
point number two, which again this is
one of the three that does not cost
money. The hammer them is the only one
that actually costs some dollars because
you have paid advertising spend that you
have to distribute out. So we call this
second one value dense email sequencing.
Now you likely, as most people who run
challenge funnels or virtual events will
only have reminder emails. Okay? You're
going to have a low show rate if you
only have reminder emails. Do you want
to have reminder emails? Yeah, a [__]
course, dude. But do you only want to
have reminder emails? No. You want to
obviously have things like calendar
invites, the reminder email sequences,
but you also want to have value dense
email sequences. So the whole concept of
this, and again, whole video on this
channel dedicated just to this topic, by
the way. And for all our paid buyers, we
have a massive SOP and of course a lot
of additional training and email
examples that we can show you as it
relates to what I'm talking about right
now. But back to my point, all you're
trying to do is take the things that you
want people to know that are genuinely
valuable things that get them excited to
showing up, that educate them further,
that increase their awareness, that
raise their interest levels, things that
they actually want to know, not a bunch
of [__] okay? Truly valuable things
that they genuinely would find valuable.
You want to take those things, you want
to write them into the email. You don't
just want to send them out with the
expectation that they're going to click
to something and consume it. take what
you'd ever have them click through and
put it right in the email itself. Email
open rates right now sit on average
about 50 to 70%. It's [__] awesome.
However, click-through rates still sit
at historic lows, usually in the single
digits for the most part. So, from that
perspective, that's why I give you the
pro tip of take whatever you'd otherwise
have people click through to and put it
right there in the email itself. Now, if
you do this again over a broad duration
of time where you have such a long drawn
out promotional cycle, makes a lot of
sense not to blast six a day for 60 days
in a row at people for that high of a
frequency. But keeping valuable insights
and information and keeping people
excited no matter where they bought in
the process. Pretty important part of
the process at that. You then roll into
the next part, which is what we call
confirmation page best practices. Now,
with these confirmation page best
practices, one of the big parts of it is
what we call breakout videos. Now,
breakout video is pretty simple to
understand. If you follow that logic
that I talked about up here where I say
on the front end, they're in scanner
mode and on the back end, that's where
their intent and their justifications
come into play and they're seeking
information. They clearly raised their
hand and said, "Yeah, you know, I think
this could be for me." Your job is to
nurture that little bit of curiosity or
that base level of interest to a higher
level. Confirmation pages are obviously
right after they pivot into that
justification mode where they're seeking
more information. They're intentionally
learning. They're trying to further
justify this is the right thing for me.
I'm committed to this idea. Okay. So on
the confirmation pages with breakout
videos specifically, that's where we
start to showcase single videos at a
time, generally one to three minutes
long with a whole array of topics that
we teach to people in our inner circle
program that we teach to people in our
master internet marketing program.
Again, links down below in the
description for those. But you take
these little 1 to three minute videos,
you put them onto the page, and we have
clients that have upwards of 19 of
these. As an example, we have clients
that have like three to five of them,
right? A lot of you who secret shop my
funnels, as an example, when you go to
my confirmation pages, you'll see I have
anywhere from like three to five, give
or take this specific offer, what you're
trying to do is you're trying to tell
people things, give them insights on
things. These are typically some of the
most common things that you want people
to understand right after they just
opted in, and you want to nurture that
trust to its highest level. Besides best
practices relating to breakout videos on
confirmation pages, there's a whole slew
of other things, but again, I won't sit
here and bore you with that. There's
whole videos on my channel dedicated to
that topic in itself. And of course,
again, we have a lot of stuff inside of
our paid offers. Now, the final thing,
the SDR best practices, right? Otherwise
known as the setter best practices.
These guys matter a lot when it comes to
improving show rate. You have a human
being that manually reaches out to you.
Or if you have a really good AI service
that can mimic what a setter can do and
it actually sounds like a real person
and doesn't have that delay that most of
the AI services do, you can use that
too. But again, just to be clear, you
ideally want to double dial people, get
a hold of them, text them. And the job
with this specific best practice as it
relates to backend selling systems is to
try to tailor information to that
specific person that you're talking to,
right? Look them up online. Look at any
application data. Look in the CRM. Try
to just find things out about them or on
the phone, try to ask a few strategic
questions about why they're specifically
interested in whatever the topic is of
your upcoming virtual event and take a
list. They should have a monster list of
well organized, categorically organized
resources and sales assets and trust
assets that they can tailor a list of
for that person that they're talking to.
So the conversation's like, "Hey, wanted
to see what got you interested and you
know this whole topic in the first
place." Like what's what's piqu your
curiosity here? Oh, I'm interested
because of Okay, great. Well, hey, if I
told you, by the way, that I've got a
few things that could help with before
the event even starts. Would you be
interested in me sending those over to
you? Yeah. Okay. Would you like it via
text? Would you like it via email? Would
you like it via both? Great. I'll shoot
it over now. Just take a look at it.
Looking forward to seeing you. By the
way, if you have any questions, like,
you know, I work for the organization.
It's my it's my cell number. Just shoot
me a message. be happy to answer
anything that you got prior to this
whole thing. By the way, I can also hold
your hand if you struggle to get access
on a particular day, if you need a
certain join link, like you know,
whatever. Treat me like your support
contact in the instance that uh you
know, you're interested in doing so. And
you know, of course, after the event is
done, I'll reach out to you too, right?
And so, you're trying here to establish
pre-event communication. That way, by
the time the event's over with and maybe
that person specifically didn't book a
call or didn't do a direct to checkout,
no problem. like your setter's already
established communication with them and
can strategically hit that [__] up and
try to get them to buy. You understand?
So, long story short, you implement all
these back-end selling systems, you have
a much higher probability in and of
itself to get a really high day one
through day three show rate. Now, again,
just in the context of what I've
communicated to you so far, I just want
to make sure I reiterate this so you
walk away in full understanding of what
I'm sitting here talking about to you.
Okay? You do these for day one, okay?
and you build them relative to how far
out you are to make sure that you
maximize show rate. You do the same
thing for day two, my friend. Okay? So,
between day one and day two, even though
it's a really short window, you blast
them with a fuckload of content for the
hammer them strategy to increase show
rates. Okay? You have the setter reach
out. Hey, how was day one? Oh, yeah. You
liked it. Hey, you coming to day two
tomorrow? Day two is the most important
day. It's the most important day by far.
Make sure you show up. The time it
starts is this time. You got any
questions, by the way, that you want me
to submit to the team to see if they can
cover it. Okay, great. Thank you so
much. You know, you have specifically a
little bit of value dense email
sequences that you can hit them with
between day one and day two, but the
only one you really lack here is the
confirmation page, right? Depending on
how you execute your challenge. In one
of these videos in this series, I don't
even remember which one it is at this
point. There's so many. I talked about
this dashboard concept and how you can
have a dashboard that has access to the
day one, day two, day three join links,
the breakout rooms, the applications
that you want people to inevitably fill
out, directed checkout links, deposit
links to book a call. Like you have a
place like a central place where people
can look at a bunch of stuff. You can
strategically update the dashboard
between day one and day two with some
confirmation page best practice assets,
but you don't technically have a
confirmation page by default between day
one and day two. You know what I mean?
So anyway, long story short, same
concept. Between day two and day three,
you hit people again and the
communication should adapt relative to
what happened between those 72 hours. So
long story short, this is like what the
necessities are. Okay? And then from
there, there's just a few like sprinkles
and cherries on the Sunday that you
could throw on top, but they're not
things that are necessities. And so I
won't cover them here on YouTube. I say
those kinds of things for the people who
pay us. And again, you can check out
links down in the description, but at
the very least, go check out all the
other videos in this series on how to
maximize total amount of revenue and get
a big old challenge funnel virtual event
lumpsum coming your way. Huh? All right,
go get richer. Talk soon.